<h1>Two Ex forensicnews.net Writers Accuse: Scott Stedman Published "Circumstantial" and "Inadequate" Evidence</h1>
<p>Thursday, June 30, 2022, former Forensic News blog collaborators Jess Coleman and Robert DeNault simultaneously published statements on their Twitter accounts, apologizing for taking part in the publishing of series of forensicnews.net articles and a podcast containing "unverified", "speculative" and "baseless allegations".</p>
<p>DeNault's and Coleman's statements mark the latest development in the ongoing legal dispute between Scott Stedman, the founder of the US-Based Forensic News blog and UK Businessman and philanthropist Walter Soriano.</p>
<p>The two former Forensic News collaborators have issued their public statements on Twitter, admitting to inadequate and unverified reporting. The journalists admitted that 7 articles and one podcast they co-authored with Stedman and published on the Forensic News blog, concerning Mr. Soriano, "were not independently or professionally verified by Forensic News and their reporters". These articles included various allegations against Mr. Soriano by third parties in other media publications.</p>
<p>Mr. Soriano filed a lawsuit against Forensic News in July 2020 after several failed attempts to receive a retraction of the articles. The lawsuit follows the UK High Court's ruling permitting Mr. Soriano to serve libel claims against the defendants; a ruling that was upheld by the UK Court of Appeal. Furthermore, the UK Court of Appeal granted Mr. Soriano permission to bring a data protection claim against Forensic News, in what is a landmark decision on the territorial reach of the UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).</p>
<p>Mr. Shlomo Rechtschaffen, Mr. Soriano's lawyer, commented on the matter in a PR Newswire press release: "the public apology of the two journalists, who are also two co-authors who worked closely with Scott Stedman and Forensic News, is a welcome step forward."</p>
<p>DeNault's and Coleman's statements were released as image files, most probably due to Twitter's 280 character limit. Here is the full wording of their statement's:</p>
<q>Forensic News is a US news outlet that published one podcast and seven articles (one of which was a transcript of the podcast), and certain tweets and pictures on the topic of Walter Soriano. Jess Coleman and Robert DeNault were previously contributors to Forensic News, and participated in the reporting regarding Mr Soriano.</q>
